Data-Analyst/Test a Perceptual Phenomenon.md, before:

## Reviewer Instructions
**Please [read these review instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qq5-8s1mPb3PFVUbu10-gmixGZDeFyz5vE482NNj6jw/pub) for additional information.**

## Project Overview

In this project, you will investigate a classic phenomenon from experimental psychology called the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stroop_effect" target="_blank">Stroop Effect</a>. You will learn a little bit about the experiment, create a hypothesis regarding the outcome of the task, then go through the task yourself. You will then look at some data collected from others who have performed the same task and will compute some statistics describing the results. Finally, you will interpret your results in terms of your hypotheses.

Prepare for this project with: <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud134-nd" target="_blank">Statistics</a>. If you have not yet done so, you may wish to go through the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-nd002/l-4446458586/m-4332008402" target="_blank">Statistics Placement Advisor</a> to see which parts of the course are recommended for review before completing this project.

## Why this Project?

Statistics is a major component of data analysis, it allows you to investigate data and make inferences based on your observations. A foundation in statistics also allows you to be a consumer of analyses that others perform, and allows you to relate to the conclusions others have draw from their investigations.

## What will I Learn?

This project will review the basic concepts of statistics, including:

* How to identify components of an experiment
* How to use descriptive statistics to describe qualities of a sample
* How to set up a hypothesis test, make inferences from a sample, and draw conclusions based on the results

## Why is this Important to my Career?

Using statistics to draw valid conclusions about data is an important part of a Data Analyst's work. A strong grasp of statistics will also be necessary in the rest of the Nanodegree program.


## How do I Complete this Project?

This project is connected to the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud134-nd" target="_blank">Statistics</a> course, but depending on your background knowledge of statistics, you may not need to take the whole course to complete this project. If you would like, you can use the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-nd002/l-4446458586" target="_blank">Statistics Placement Advisor</a> to determine what material you need to review.

Follow <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-OkpZLjG_kX9J6LIQ5IltsqMzVWjh36QpnP2RYpVdPU/pub?embedded=True">these instructions</a> and create a pdf or html document answering the questions. These document formats are compatible across a broad range of computers and browsers and are one of the surest ways of making sure that your intents are received properly. If you are using a word processing program such as Microsoft Word or LibreOffice, make sure that you save your document as a pdf and include the pdf in your project submission.

There is no need for specific software for this project, but it will be useful to have at least a spreadsheet program for reading in the data. You are free to select an alternative software program for analyzing the data you are more familiar with or are more comfortable using.

## Evaluation

Once you have a document answering the questions on the previous page, be sure to check through the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bqyi1Fm5truesLhmbAq16Zl-Ajj9bnNIU_68P60nDQg/pub?embedded=True" target="_blank">project rubric</a> before you submit your report. Your project will be evaluated as “meets specifications” only if it meets specifications in all the criteria. If you see any category where you do not meet specifications, make sure you revise your report to meet the rubric criteria.

## Submission

Ready to submit your project? Collect the following files:

* Answers to the questions on the previous page in a pdf or html document.
* A list of websites, books, forums, github repositories, and other resources (web or otherwise) that you referred to or used in this submission. This can be attached to the bottom of your answers document or placed in a separate plaintext file.

With these materials, go to your Udacity Home page, click on this project, and follow the instructions to submit:

* If you want to submit your files through a "Link to Project", upload your project files onto Github and send us the link.
* If you instead want to submit your files through "Upload a Zip", compress your project directory, and submit that zip file.

It can take us up to 2 weeks to grade the project so keep checking back for updates.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at dataanalyst-project@udacity.com.

Commit message:

Remove reviewer-facing doc link.
Remove the links to reviewer-facing docs from this publically-accessible repo.

Data-Analyst/Test a Perceptual Phenomenon.md, after:

## Reviewer Instructions
Are available from the Description tab of the Reviews app. Please read them carefully before embarking on any reviews.

## Project Overview

In this project, you will investigate a classic phenomenon from experimental psychology called the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stroop_effect" target="_blank">Stroop Effect</a>. You will learn a little bit about the experiment, create a hypothesis regarding the outcome of the task, then go through the task yourself. You will then look at some data collected from others who have performed the same task and will compute some statistics describing the results. Finally, you will interpret your results in terms of your hypotheses.

Prepare for this project with: <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud134-nd" target="_blank">Statistics</a>. If you have not yet done so, you may wish to go through the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-nd002/l-4446458586/m-4332008402" target="_blank">Statistics Placement Advisor</a> to see which parts of the course are recommended for review before completing this project.

## Why this Project?

Statistics is a major component of data analysis, it allows you to investigate data and make inferences based on your observations. A foundation in statistics also allows you to be a consumer of analyses that others perform, and allows you to relate to the conclusions others have draw from their investigations.

## What will I Learn?

This project will review the basic concepts of statistics, including:

* How to identify components of an experiment
* How to use descriptive statistics to describe qualities of a sample
* How to set up a hypothesis test, make inferences from a sample, and draw conclusions based on the results

## Why is this Important to my Career?

Using statistics to draw valid conclusions about data is an important part of a Data Analyst's work. A strong grasp of statistics will also be necessary in the rest of the Nanodegree program.


## How do I Complete this Project?

This project is connected to the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud134-nd" target="_blank">Statistics</a> course, but depending on your background knowledge of statistics, you may not need to take the whole course to complete this project. If you would like, you can use the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-nd002/l-4446458586" target="_blank">Statistics Placement Advisor</a> to determine what material you need to review.

Follow <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-OkpZLjG_kX9J6LIQ5IltsqMzVWjh36QpnP2RYpVdPU/pub?embedded=True">these instructions</a> and create a pdf or html document answering the questions. These document formats are compatible across a broad range of computers and browsers and are one of the surest ways of making sure that your intents are received properly. If you are using a word processing program such as Microsoft Word or LibreOffice, make sure that you save your document as a pdf and include the pdf in your project submission.

There is no need for specific software for this project, but it will be useful to have at least a spreadsheet program for reading in the data. You are free to select an alternative software program for analyzing the data you are more familiar with or are more comfortable using.

## Evaluation

Once you have a document answering the questions on the previous page, be sure to check through the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bqyi1Fm5truesLhmbAq16Zl-Ajj9bnNIU_68P60nDQg/pub?embedded=True" target="_blank">project rubric</a> before you submit your report. Your project will be evaluated as “meets specifications” only if it meets specifications in all the criteria. If you see any category where you do not meet specifications, make sure you revise your report to meet the rubric criteria.

## Submission

Ready to submit your project? Collect the following files:

* Answers to the questions on the previous page in a pdf or html document.
* A list of websites, books, forums, github repositories, and other resources (web or otherwise) that you referred to or used in this submission. This can be attached to the bottom of your answers document or placed in a separate plaintext file.

With these materials, go to your Udacity Home page, click on this project, and follow the instructions to submit:

* If you want to submit your files through a "Link to Project", upload your project files onto Github and send us the link.
* If you instead want to submit your files through "Upload a Zip", compress your project directory, and submit that zip file.

It can take us up to 2 weeks to grade the project so keep checking back for updates.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at dataanalyst-project@udacity.com.
